In the source code, the program takes txt files as input 
and generate webcrawler_task object. 

This webcrawler_task conducts following actions:
    1. Read txt file lines by lines and extract urls as a list
    2. Count the duration of the crawling
    3. Initialize a webcrawler_BFS object
    4. Start the crawling task and trace the completion of task
    5. Get log from webcrawler_BFS object and output log file

When the webcrawler_BFS initializes, it will do several things:
    1. Normalize the urls in seed list
    2. Initialize data structures:
        2-1. priority queue: 
                collect hyperlinks ready to crawl with their priority and depth
        2-2. visited set:
                record the sites visited
        2-3. crawled array:
                collect the sites crawled
        2-4. log queue:
                collect output log including time, size, depth, url, code

    3. Put all urls in seed list into priority queue
    4. Setting hash maps for computing priority based on frequency of domain
       and compute occurrence of domain in seed list
    5. Initialize a robots.txt cache, set the expiration as 3600 sec by default
       and cache robots.txt of urls on the seed list
    6. Set several threading locks to avoid race conditions

Once the webcrawler_task.start_task() is called, timer starts to count 
and webcrawler_BFS.crawl() is called at the same time:
    1. First, the program will check if number of crawled site satisfied the max_crawl
    2. If not, the program will keep taking the link with highest priority from priority queue
    3. If this link has not been visited, assign a thread for processing this link
    4. process_url() is called
    5. Following robots.txt, a delay is given to reduce server' burden
    6. Setting max_workers is based on the configuration of machine running this program
    7. Reasons of using multithreading at here:
       Download the content through network is time-consuming comparing to other operations.
       Hence, it makes sence to let other thread to process download content instead of just waiting.
       Too much workers may have overhead, 10 workers is a reasonable pick for my device.
    8. Waiting all threads are completed


When process_url() is called, couples of actions will be taken:
    1. Try to fetch the header, content, url, code from http response.
       1-1. Initialize Redirect_Handler and use urllib.request.HTTPRedirectHandler..redirect_request
            to handle url redirection issues
       1-2. Setting reasonable timeout based on network connection and response time from servers
       1-3. Using appropriate headers to pass the robot blocking.

    2. Set this url is visited
    3. Check content type is "HTML", which is this crawler focus on
    4. Using BeautifulSoup to parse html file for further hyperlinks extraction
    5. Only continue find hyperlinks if current depth is less than max_depth
    6. Find a tag, href tag and get the link
    7. Normalize link
       7-1. Using urllib to handle the relative path
       7-2. Establish some rules to avoid duplicated urls
       7-3. Abandon some useless link by filtering some keywords in query part of url
       7-4. These rules may need to optimize in future to have better performance on url normalization

    8. Checking the link is crawlable
       8-1. Only crawl the sites in nz domain as the requirement said
       8-2. The link not in visited set
       8-3. The link not in priority queue using bloom filter(memory efficient but could have false positive)
       8-4. Skip not desired url patterns
       8-5. Following robots.txt if the site is crawlable

    9. Adding the link to bloom filter
       Reasons I use the bloom filter here rather than set 
       is that hyperlinks we visited are supposed to be exponentially larger than visited set. 
       Comparing to maintain another set, I think using bloom filter would be memory friendly.
       The false positive rate can be controlled by setting reasonable bit array size and number of hash function.

    10. Determine the priority of this link by passing into get_priority method
        10-1. Since this program perform BFS crawling, it is prefer to explore the site with different domain.
              Therefore, recording the occurrence of each domain so far is the key to compute the priority.
        10-2. There are two kinds of domains using to determine priority:
              all_domain: url.netloc without "www", 
                          because "www.example.co.nz" is not too much different from "info.example.co.nz"
              level2_domain: the last two part of url.netloc such as "co.nz", "ac.nz", or "example.nz"
              To perform broader exploration, level2_domain has higher impact on priority than all_domain.
              Dynamically adjusting the priority based on above factors as crawling going.
        10-3. As the depth increase, there is a depth penalty on priority.
        10-4. For the shorter path part, a little bonus to the priority
        10-5. If the link has same domain with its parent link, there is a penalty for this.
        10-6. Based on above rules, the crawler is much prefer to explore different domains and less visited domain so far.
        10-7. Through adjusting the parameter, the behavior of the crawler can be controlled and optimized.

    11. Push hyperlinks into priority queue
    12. Writing log when needed during crawling process

Disclosure:
    This code is completed by referring following websites and tools:
        Python official documentations
        Medium 
        Stack Overflow 
        LLM tools
        GeeksforGeeks
        Course website: http://engineering.nyu.edu/~suel/cs6913/


